Right now please only improve below text to add what's missing. Return it as a standard text prompt which I can copy and paste to the terminal: I would like to understand how the agent orchestration works on github copilot. I'm already on the vscode with simple vite react ts project. Let's say I can't use the github workflows, actions etc, but I would like to understand how the custom instructions, skills, agents etc works. Based on that please create and exaplain the basic agent orchestration for PR Reviews. At first it should have custom prompts, skills, agents and all advanced concepts of the github copilot, at second it should follow the best practices and also the github copilot documentation like that one https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/how-tos/use-copilot-agents/cloud-agent/create-skills. My pr review agent orchestration are as below: 1) It should have the skill to get the $projectCode-$jiraId from the branch name where we might have the C1234-43224-something-to-do with optional prefixes for feature/ bug/ etc. Once it will get the $projectId-$jiraId it shuold get the diff from git history which includes that on the commit. (commits format are required and we have the rules for that). I think it should use the file system cache for that to move the git diff from these commits there 2) It should ask user for the jira descirption for this particular $jiraId 3) It should create few review agents: - agent to check if current PR was fully implemented with jira requirements, it should highlight what's missing or what can be done better - agent to check if PR was created with overall project rules, best practices, with all required tests, to check if tests were correctly written if they cover all most important edge cases etc - agent to check if this PR can be done better from the bussiness perspective the try find all edge cases etc 4) once all agents will finish the job it should return the single summary raport with Critical, NiceToFix, NotImplemented sections. below that I would like to see few buttons: - Create Plan to fix below issues - Implement below issues in agent mode
